# Description
Ulffric was a legendary hunter born during the first age. He was so accomplished that he wanted to hunt the beast of all beasts; [[Faunos - God of Beasts]]. After years of research and tracking, he finally found his target. Though Faunos was unaware of the arrow pointed at his back, his sister [[Floros - Goddess of Plants]] has sensed the hunter's footsteps on the grass at the forest floor. Just as the hunter is about to release the arrow, vines spring up from the ground immobilizing him. Furiously, Faunos turns to the hunter about to rip him apart, but then stops. Instead he curses the hunter with lycanthropy, forcing him to turn into a beast every full moon and being hunted himself.

# The Curse of Lycanthropy
After the curse had been placed upon him, Ulffric returned home to his wife and daughter defeated. When the first full moon arrived, he had no idea what would entail. He transformed into a monstrous black wolf with an insatiable thirst for blood, but as the transformation began his conscious mind went to the Astral Plane for the night. When he awoke the next day, there was destruction and misery everywhere around him. His family had been torn to pieces, limbs and organs spread across the abode. Ulffric's heart and sanity was shattered, but without much time to mourn, he was exiled and hunted by the other residents of his village. 
He isolated himself in the wild, not only living like a beast during full moons, but he began to become more animalistic and feral, living by himself in the woods. His mind was unable to accept and reconcile with his own actions. Instead he accepted his new self succumbing to the wild nature.

During his life, Ulffric ended many others', but those, who managed to survive an encounter with him, were almost worst of than the dead. Being bitten by someone afflicted with lycanthropy and surviving, will afflict the curse upon you as well. 
