# Description
The God of Devils is known as Akumet, The Devil King. He rules The Nine Hells. 

# Origin
Akumet was was born of [[Drox - God of Light]] originally as red-scaled and horned humanoid dragon. But was stolen as a baby by [[Nox - Goddess of Night]] at the command of [[Zhintos - God of Death]]. Zhintos did not possess the power to create life, but able to manipulate and twist it. He already had a daughter in Nox, but desperately wanted a son. The young Akumet underwent an unspeakable transformation involving, shaving off his scales leaving a red and scarred skin all over his body and tail. His long dragon-like face was brutally shattered and magically sculpted into a new human-like face with eerily symmetrical features. His wings were burned and charred permanently black. Akumet grows up in Zhintos' Palace in [[The Sea of Lost Souls]] believing he is his son. At some point when he reaches adulthood he discovers the truth and enraged attacks Zhintos. Akumet had grown extremely powerful and almost overpowers the God of Death. As a last measure, Zhintos performs a powerful piece of magic channeling the souls of his plane, sending Akumet from the plane through the Astral Sea creating a whole new plane of existence. Several souls accompany Akumet to this new realm which later will be known as The Nine Layers of Hell. Akumet is trapped on this plane by Zhintos, but the fiery fury of Akumet terraforms this plane to his liking.

As Akumet's true father is Drox, he posses the divine spark of creation and realizes he can create his own race of people. With blood, bone and fire, he manages to create [[Tieflings]]. Though Akumet himself was trapped in [[The Nine Hells]], the Tieflings were eventually able to travel to the material plane and spread rapidly. 