Annos was created to be impartial to when death could take the life from creature. [[Apaxia - Goddess of Life]] and [[Zhintos - God of Death]] have always been each other's adversary, but they both wanted to settle their warring over life and death. At that point an older looking womanly entity appeared before them. The mysterious woman advised them to create a child together that would be impartial to decide when a soul should be born or taken to the afterlife. Apaxia and Zhintos were both surprised at this, but in the end took the advice, and Annos, the god of Time, was born. Soon it became clear that Annos was the entity that appeared earlier, resulting in the event that lead to her own creation. She is not bound by time and can travel freely forwards and backwards, though no evidence suggests that she has used this power to influence events since.

The House Of Annos is located in [[Limbo, The Plane of Judgement]] and is a grand black and white mansion. Within she keeps the Hourglasses Of Fate. Every mortal soul has a corresponding hourglass containing pure white sand symbolizing their lifespan. When the grains of sand drop to the bottom of the hourglass, they turns completely black and when the last white grain falls, the time for the soul to enter the afterlife has come. The hourglasses are not all made equal and differ in sizes. The hourglasses of elves are often much bigger than ones of humans for example.

Appearance

Usually depicted as an old elven woman wearing grey robes. Her eyeballs have been replaced by hourglasses that give her the ability to see backwards and forwards in time.
