Nox is the daughter and first-born of The Arch God, Drox. Depicted as a female black dragon. Her father Drox produced in the early days of the world an egg which hatched Nox. Originally she was neutral natured like her father and they saw eye to eye for many years. When the time came to create a race, she pleaded to help in their creation, but her father was had a vision and dismissed her. They argued savagely and Nox left. Her father did not mind as this gave him peace to create his race. Unbeknownst to him, his daughter sought out her uncle, Zhintos, The God of Death. She knew he did not possess the power to create life, only take it away and wanted his advice. Zhintos saw this as a perfect way to turn her evil. He manipulated her and convinced her, that he could not create life, no, but he could give her the power he himself could not possess. Nox were blinded by the stubbornness of her father and wanted any way to defy him. Zhintos performed a ritual, transforming her into a black dragon with scales so black that they seemed to almost suck in the light around them. It was too late that Nox realized she was tricked but she quickly realized any life she created was dark, evil, and twisted.

When her father, Drox had created the Dragonborn, he finally looked for his daughter and found her completely changed. He was furious as he confronted her, but his fury was just met by a even more furious Nox. The began fighting. Each being the other's opposite in every way. Drox was finally able to have an opportunity of killing her, but in the end he could not do it. His hesitation resulted in Nox escaped and since then they have fought many times, but Nox knows she is unable to defeat her father and therefore mostly does her bidding when her father is unaware, thus engulfing the world in darkness every night, when Drox sleeps.